RHIDP-3377: Adding cross-links to the Installation titles (#538)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/getting-started/proc-add-source-control-rhdh-catalog.adoc

* You have a GitHub account.
* You have an account on the Red Hat OpenShift cluster.
* You have installed the {product-short}, otherwise the GitHub login fails.

> For more information about installation, see xref:{installing-on-ocp-book-url}/#assembly-install-rhdh-ocp[Installing Red Hat Developer Hub on OpenShift Container Platform].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about installation, see xref:{installing-on-ocp-book-url}/#assembly-install-rhdh-ocp[{installing-on-ocp-book-title}].
```
